today we are going to talk about organization and
a way for you to overcome anxiety
because society is a serious problem
Anxiety is something that legs and
catch you take everyone and the world where
we live is the world full of
collection right
It seems like every day we have more
thing to do and who lives in a city
How are Paul then in the city a moon?
full of appointments full of rallies
full of claims and traffic
we get bored with them and then the
I suggest you to be a little
a few minutes of
silence
everybody can stay home meditating
five minutes right
this is possible everyone can hear a
mantra to leave that heavier energy
though because this also works
also helps, but in relation to
anxiety that I suggest you remember
from that time everyone had a
paper agenda
we have our agendas today
electronics tell us that we
Tell us the notepad to
People today have the time to
people have our calendar is one million
of things, and every time we have
anything for this has anything
more
so let's go back a little at the
time
let's take a right at home or notepad
in your office in your company and you
notes there some things that are
important to note on paper because doing
the paper annotation
so it gives you more control over the
Things you notice, he has to call.
My mother super ox commitment call
for the mother but there is a commitment
You have to talk to your mother in that
Day if you have to talk, look, only mother.
took that medicine is better
it's a kindness, a kindness, but
names that sometimes in the wave of the day everything
What are we going to do to people?
forget and it does not work there, and then we
sadness
and we get anxious sometimes 11 hours
night and remembers if he had to
connected to your mother, I'm not going
to sleep
he spent the day and commitment upon
of commitments
So do it, I suggest you take your
notebook and the new notepad
things that are important to you
to do and then you do to those
obligations and if by chance they are
emotional
So let's see if there are some things.
which has everything we both had some
thoughts and you know you need
solve and there to fight the
write on paper
write it all try to organize and
try to do because sometimes in that
Your commitment if you had to talk to
someone had to look for something
sad that looking for a document had to
be talking to your dispatcher to solve
some pipino something that is not cool
put it there after it has been solved and
burn delivery of the masters of the caru
thank you have your chores meet the
thankfully because nothing
better than the sense of duty
I did everything good to have you more
per week